you
come on I got you
how are you feeling more games and not
quite just something I think you would
benefit from knowing
what the hell is office
none of these were here three days ago
is this what you wanted to show me
see virus that's what the guerrillas
were colony
the riders
there must be what's creating this -
lava what happened
another bioterrorism attack the BSAA
confirmed it was the same one used in
Eastern
months ago called the C virus run again
I need you to fake our deaths
we're going to China
sherry what are you doing I'm on
protective detail why are you here
tracking the man behind all this what we
met though you jarheads all at the same
to meet by our side
you know those shots of yours back one
hell of a punch lady
so you're Wesker jr. he lost me Albert
Wesker was a colossal imbecile
a fool who tried to destroy the world he
was also your father
which makes you heir to a very special
entity
put your gun down Chris she's a key
witness we need her a witness
she's the one who did all this resident
you